German welcome to the pond this week I
wanted to do a quick video about tea
sadly maybe because when I was first
looking for the product I looking at the
products sorry and I couldn't find any
reviews done by people who had just
bought it
every review seemed to be a paid
sponsored ad basically and you know you
have to take them with a pinch of salt
so I thought I'd do a little video for
you guys just to give you a bit of
history that I am a big fan of iron I've
got his Pete and Pedro stuff and for
watched all these videos hurry
in some ways --is changed my life really
made a difference to how I looked at
looking after myself and taking care of
my skin and hair and looking at what I'm
wearing XR Terry Sarah and I'm 34 now
I've got two small children this is the
stage in your life when you can start a
give up
it really is where you can just develop
dad-bod and you know you're tired you
can't be bothered and stuff so I think
for me this was a really important
transition to starting to look after
myself so Erin mentioned T Shanley I
looked it up and I bought a pack it
seemed like a lot of money at first I
have to pay an additional twelve dollars
because I live in the UK so the extra
postage was was a was a bit on top of
the money and think it's around about
forty five pounds of our money I think
it's about fifty seven dollars by the
time I get supposed to that seemed like
a lot of money until I started to look
at buying these products locally
individually and it was way more than I
didn't realize how expensive these
things were because in almost even the
most the biggest extent of skincare that
I get to done was a moisturizer after
having a shade which was a body shop
bomb I'd never done serums and never
I creams right aside that so so I made
the plant because I decided that
actually it was quite quite good value
one of the things that impressed me more
than anything else was the the fact that
the the heat Handley didn't seem to
follow the grain of normal skincare
products and what I mean by that is that
they didn't profess to have any magical
ingredients that do this that and the
other they just literally told you what
it was what it did how it would help
with certain spin problems and so I
guess this is a review I should I go
through it should I go through it should
I should we do together
why not so the face wash first all and
this comes in 75 milliliters
which will be out focuses on manual
focus sorry
otherwise the camera clicks like crazy
milind or you and people get upset
comments this comes in 75 mil which this
is a absolutely perfect size coming and
this lasted me exactly a month the last
time the last ball I got and one of the
things that impressed me more than
anything else about this product is it
isn't refo me now I'm not an expert on
skincare I'm certainly not an expert on
products but I have got a background and
running a business where these clean
cars and foam was always your enemy the
reason foam is your enemy when you're
looking at a cleaning product is because
all the ingredients get captured in that
foam and don't make contact with your
skin in the case of the cars products
that they weren't making contact with
the paintwork and breaking down the dirt
when a product isn't foaming very much
what it does is it helps the ingredients
that actually work so the skincare
elements of the wash become effective
because you're not rinsing away and the
top layer which never gets to touch your
skin because of the phone so that really
impressed me about the skincare and I
was just show you our lift off my
glasses off and just let you face
basically
one of the things as well that I loved
about at each family and is the
instructions all right I'll explain why
in a second
so really small amount not a massive
amount by any means and then very gently
rub again I mean just feel so nice it
doesn't have a scent which i think is a
good idea because scents are very um
sorry
sense a very subjective objective again
I always get those words mother scents
are very personal so um what one person
I love another person might hate so I
have them send less I think is a really
good idea about these instructions so
Aaron knows men
he's words you know and with men for so
many years doing these videos and the
style side of his is business and
everything and we're a bit stupid
generally speaking you can give us some
complicated tasks
I could go work and do something be
complicated you put tonight in front of
beans and wash labels and I look at them
like hey you what I think all men are
like that to a certain degree and scheme
have one of the reasons I never really
properly looked after my skin was
because skincare just seems so
unbelievably complicated there's a guy
on YouTube called Wayne got C's and
makeup eyes and these videos of
brilliant he's a he's from England
United Kingdom and and he's you know he
does a lot of and skincare videos and
the most recent videos of one of the
most recent videos he's put up is the
best products for skin care and he just
reads off these lists of products and
I'm sat there as a guy right watching
them going what like what when what or
did you put them on how much do you put
them on how often you put them on and
that's where I think Aaron is really
tapped into the market in that you
makes it's so simple you get a card
which has got pictures on it to say how
much product you use and when and in
more order and that is just julius
absolute joy so he tells you exactly how
much to use and and it lasts exactly a
month which obviously there's financial
you know impetus there from them to get
people into subscription but it just it
takes all the worry in the the effort
out of skin care and so you trust that
you know this is the best that you can
get so after you do the wash you got a
super serum now the sympathy room I mean
these bottles just to get I've got
rather three big hands but they're not
big bottles by any means they're almost
like kind of sample size but this this
is my original bottle and I'm about five
nearly six weeks since I bought it and
it still hasn't run out it's get into
the very very very bottom now but it
just goes so far so you put in just a
tiny little bit on your finger so I'm
very bothered is now time I'm gonna do a
few pumps to ordinarily look that's one
pump
I think that's chiara now now I've got
another Bowl so you rub that in and then
that could spread so well then it's dry
almost straight away it doesn't sit on
the skin it just soap Lin then I'm on
the highest stage when I can remember
what my reason is it's three and which
is also on top of the serum you get the
boys I think the serums on top of the
next one down to the eyes but it's on
the eyes this is incredible stuff and
I've been using this product now for six
I think about six weeks and I before I
started using it I had really noticeable
and crow's feet and on the corners of my
eyes I obviously must spend a lot of
time frowning because I've
these frown lines we'll talk about that
in a second but I'm really quite
noticeable and I've got kids that woke
up a lot during the night I had really
dark circles under eyes under my eyes
they're still there but they've reduced
so much and the fine lines the crow's
feet have almost completely gone because
of this eye cream time it's just so so
good and again this is another product
Aaron actually says to use one pump of
this I've actually found that almost a
little bit too much so I use kind of
between 1/2 and 3/4 of a pump and
because I find that that spreads an
awful runway and then you just dab it on
again this is another um product which
just goes on so well it's not oily it's
not sticky it doesn't smell weird
you can I think one of the biggest
ingredients one of the the main
ingredients in this is caffeine when you
put on your skin you can feel your skin
not getting horribly quite I don't know
if you've been in a position where
you've had shaved and you've got a bit
too much with a razor and your skin so
tight and horrible it's not an
unpleasant feeling like that that your
skin just firms I guess is probably the
right term to use and and it just feels
absolutely fantastic so what I normally
do is I sort of rub it in a little bit
and then I'll go and brush my teeth or
whatever in the morning and then lines
up and because I just take a little
while to dry so we'll we'll let that dry
and we'll come back
it's a moisturizer again and he seems
like a teeny tiny bottle and this is my
first bottle from five six weeks ago and
it's only just run out now it's
completely ending out but that lasted
more than a month and I'm I have
religiously used these products twice a
day I've not missed a single day so
literally and every single of those the
eyes in the serum have had and 60 while
probably like eight pumps all the way to
use a little bit less of the eyes then
therefore pump so the moisturizer again
on the little card it tells you it tells
you how much to use this is another
product which is odor list which is nice
I think in terms of products smelling I
think I was much preferred to put on the
scent which I peek so I'll look at the
shades colognes and that sort of thing
and I'll I'll pick that sin I think
we're not the products that you're
putting on your skin or scented
sometimes they can mix with each other
and not beating like so I do really like
that all these products are unscented
you can smell sort of this synthetic
ingredients a little bit and I'm rubbish
a working out individual smells I see
people doing reviews of shaving cream
and they're picking out tobacco and
cardamom pods and all this Ida smiling
lights that smells nice
and so the moisturizers again just read
teeny tiny a little bit and if just
spreads so low and it soaks in
by contrast the body shop moisturizer
that I was using and you have to use
three times as much as what you have to
use with tea family and it just didn't
it didn't seem to sit it seemed to sit
on your skin it didn't seem put absorb
and the tea colonies is so much better
and it doesn't leave your skin shiny
either and even after its dried it's
just just enough of the oils and
moisturizer so that's it that's my full
teach process and twice a day and lots
of people have commented on how much
better my skin has been since I am I
started using the tea tiny system so I'm
really you know absolutely happy with it
does not pay to sponsor dad and Aaron
doesn't even know I'm doing this I mean
you know they haven't sent me anything
discounted the only discount I ever got
was the code for the first box which
everybody got on YouTube and so I hope
this helps let me know down in the
comments if you
do anymore reviews and I've got also the
PMD microdermabrasion system which I'm
happy to review for people and also I
use a proper razors where's the camera
and these are amazing for skin care
because what you find with the cartridge
razors is that they rip off so much skin
because they drag the hairs so if
anybody wants to talk about and proper
razors Nick Scherr use is really good
and Buster there's loads of guys doing I
kind of stuff I'm by no means an expert
on shaving stuff both people want me to
do review about it